Subject: ⚡️The EASY WAY to GET ELITE STATUS in Car Rental Loyalty Programs
From: Jonathan at AutoSlash <newsletter@email.autoslash.com>
Date: Wed, 12 Mar 2025 16:10:02 +0000

--- BODY ---
⚡️The EASY WAY to GET ELITE STATUS in Car Rental Loyalty Programs The more you know, the more you save. View this email in your browser Want to unsubscribe from our weekly newsletter? No problem—unsubscribe here! Tens of thousands of savvy travelers have signed up for our sister site, HotelSlash. We're offering AutoSlash customers FREE lifetime membership to HotelSlash (normally $29.95 per year) by clicking here. Plus, apply coupon code HSWELCOME for up to $20 off your first prepaid hotel booking. One use per customer. Hi there! When it comes to achieving elite status in car rental rewards programs, there's the hard way and there's the easy way. The traditional method comes through patiently racking up the required number of paid car rentals to earn redeemable points. We prefer the easy way, known as status matching. How Status Matching Works Status matching lets you instantly leapfrog into elite status without having to rent your way there. Essentially, you automatically gain elite status in a car rental rewards program simply by "matching" your status in one program to another. Overall, this is a fantastic strategy for occasional renters. It lets you get to the top of the mountain without making the climb. The Best Elite Status Matching Through Rental Car Programs Here are the best status matching programs at major car rental companies. Avis The extensive status matching program for Avis Preferred is one of the best of any car rental rewards program, letting you earn points through scores of partner programs and providing status matching if you have elite status with competitors Enterprise, Hertz, or National. (To get your rewards, US and Canadian residents should email Avis at profile.update@avisbudget.com along with proof of your current status.) Hertz The rewards program, called Hertz Gold Plus Rewards, offers a variety of ways to attain elite status besides earning points, including status matching if you have elite status with competitors Avis, Enterprise or 
... (truncated) ...

--- ANALYSIS ---
Is job related: False
