Subject: Your application for R0000366562 at Target
From: "Workday@Target" <target@myworkday.com>
Date: Tue, 11 Mar 2025 15:17:20 -0700 (PDT)

--- BODY ---




Great news – we’ve received your application. We’re thrilled you took the time to
      explore a career with us. You’re now one step closer to joining the Target team and
      working somewhere you love. At Target, we value diverse perspectives, treating everyone
      with respect and bringing our authentic selves to work every day. We are constantly
      working to build relationships by partnering openly across the business and recognizing
      and celebrating each other’s wins. We strive to make a meaningful impact by encouraging
      a growth mindset and dedicate ourselves to doing the right thing for Target’s guests
      and team.What happens next? Good question! We will review your application and be in touch with next steps
      if you’re selected to move forward in the application process. We’ll contact you at
      the email address or phone number you provided in your candidate profile, so be sure
      to keep your contact info up to date.How do I make updates? If you need to update your contact information, you can return to your Candidate Home page at any time. You can also check in on the status of your
      application, complete pending tasks or apply to additional roles.Anything else?You’ll hear from us soon. In the meantime, visit our careers
      FAQs for answers to common application questions. To best understand the expectations
      and requirements of the job(s) that you are considering, please visit our Hourly
      Jobs in Stores Career page, where you will find a list of all of our Store hourly
      positions and details Job Descriptions. You can also follow us at A
      Bullseye View for the latest news.Thanks again for interest in a career with Target. We wish you all the best in your
      job search!Sincerely,Target Human ResourcesReplies to this message are undeliverable. Please do not reply.



































This email was intended for naeimsalib@yahoo.com















--- ANALYSIS ---
Is job related: True
Company: Target" <Target@Myworkday
Position: R0000366562 at Target
Status: Applied
