Subject: AI Phase 2: Where to invest now?
From: "The Motley Fool" <fool@info.fool.com>
Date: Fri, 14 Mar 2025 20:02:43 +0000

--- BODY ---
Why this obscure stock could be the key to AI’s future.



    The Motley Fool  The Motley
Fool    Can you imagine if you could go back to 2002, when cloud
computing burst onto the scene…

And invest $10,000 in Amazon at $0.77 a share?

Or travel back to 2005 and invest the same amount in Nvidia at a
split-adjusted $0.16.

Can you imagine how much money you’d be sitting on right now?

I’ll tell you…you’d be sitting over $6 million today.

And I know this because we made those stock recommendations.

Now, I’m telling you this not to make you feel bad for missing
out, but to let you know that…

The same once-in-a-generational force that made fortunes for
early investors in Amazon and Nvidia…could potentially be
happening again!

According to experts, Microsoft…Amazon...Google...Meta…and even
Tesla have all been quietly pouring billions into a new niche
market opportunity to meet the growing demand of generative AI.

It’s called hyperscale data centers – or what I call AI’s
Invisible Goldmines.

And now that generative AI is here (and making money), new
technological advancements are needed to keep it up to speed.

And that’s where these new hyperscale data centers come into
play.

In fact, Business Insider says that the world’s top companies
are expected to invest $1 trillion over the next five years in
AI, with most of it going to these new data centers.

And it's not just some pie-in-the-sky projection either.

Just consider this…

Amazon recently announced plans to invest $35 billion in new
data centers in Virginia by 2040.

Google just announced plans to build a new $1.2 billion data
center in Nebraska.

Meta just announced plans to break ground on a new $1 billion
data center in Arizona.

Microsoft is working to bring a sixth data center to a city in
Iowa…

And has plans to build 50 to 100 new data centers a year for the
foreseeable future.

And even Tesla recently announced that it will build a new “1st
of its kind” data center to grab its share of this new hype
... (truncated) ...