Subject: To The Person Who Wants To Know The Different Types Of Income....
From: Taxbox <taxboxrefund@108654806.mailchimpapp.com>
Date: Wed, 12 Mar 2025 16:00:13 +0000

--- BODY ---
How much do you know about income


** 3 Different Types Of Income You Must Know
------------------------------------------------------------

Hey there,

Want to know the different types of income ?

Let’s skip the fluff and go straight to the different types of income……


1:Earned Income

Earned Income comes from having a job in a company or in someone else’s business. You get paid for your time and services rendered. In the previous section, we mentioned that workers work just hard enough not to get fired and employers pay just enough for workers not to quit. You are, in effect, making someone else rich through your added effort. Don’t think I’m discouraging this. It is a good act. I’m just stating a fact. Earned Income is a safe way to generate an income. There is not much thinking to do.

2: Passive Income

Passive income is generated from businesses. You can sell products or offer services, or a combination thereof. The beauty of going into your own business is that you work for you, not for someone else. You enrich yourself, not someone else. Your time is disciplined but more flexible because you can make your own schedule. Another advantage of going into business, especially in your own corporation, is that you earn and spend before tax is deducted, unlike being an employee where you are taxed before you spend.


3: Portfolio Income

Portfolio income, just like passive income, is making money work for you. Portfolio income is generated from paper assets like bonds, stock market, certificate of deposits, and mutual funds.

It is in portfolio income where financial knowledge is of vital importance. Your intellect interacting with creativity can either unmake or make you rich.

Now that you know the different types of income, it’s time to take some action! Time for Action to make money work at home! You cannot do all these on your own.

Visit  https://taxboxrefund.biz/yourappointment  to speak with a Generational Wealth Specialist 
... (truncated) ...